add documentation for OTB provider (#5783)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing/3rdParty.rst

location of LAStools (:guilabel:`LAStools folder`) and Wine
(:guilabel:`Wine folder`).
On Ubuntu, the default Wine folder is :file:`/usr/bin`.

.. index:: OTB
.. _otb_configure:

OTB Applications
-----------------

> OTB applications are fully supported within QGIS Processing framework. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OTB applications are fully supported within the QGIS Processing framework. 
```

Note that OTB is not distributed with QGIS and needs to be installed 
separately. Binary packages for OTB can be found on the 
`download page <https://www.orfeo-toolbox.org/download>`_.

> QGIS processing should be configured to find the OTB library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure QGIS processing to find the OTB library:
```

> #. Open processing settings: *Settings -> Options -> Processing (left panel)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open the processing settings: :menuselection:`Settings --> Options --> Processing` (left panel)*
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#. You can see OTB under "Providers":

>    #. Expand OTB tab
>    #. Tick Activate option
>    #. Set OTB folder. This is location of your OTB installation.
>    #. Set OTB application folder. This is location of your OTB applications ( <PATH_TO_OTB_INSTALLATION>/lib/otb/applications)
>    #. Click "ok" to save settings and close dialog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Expand the :guilabel:`OTB` tab
   #. Tick the :guilabel:`Activate` option
   #. Set the :guilabel:`OTB folder`. This is the location of your OTB installation.
   #. Set the :guilabel:`OTB application folder`. This is the location of your OTB
      applications ( :file:`<PATH_TO_OTB_INSTALLATION>/lib/otb/applications`)
   #. Click "ok" to save the settings and close the dialog. 
```

> If settings are correct, you will have OTB algorithms loaded in 
> Processing toolbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If settings are correct, OTB algorithms will be available in the
:guilabel:`Processing Toolbox`.
```

Documentation of OTB settings available in QGIS Processing
...........................................................

> * **Activate**: This is a checkbox to activate or deactivate OTB provider. Any invalid settings in OTB folder will uncheck this when saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Activate**: This is a checkbox to activate or deactivate the OTB provider.
  An invalid OTB setting will uncheck this when saved.
```

* **OTB folder**: This is the directory where OTB is available. 

* **OTB application folder**: This is the location(s) of OTB applications. 

> Multiple paths are allowed to use custom/proprietary OTB applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple paths are allowed.
```

* **Logger level** (optional): Level of logger to use by OTB applications. 

> The level of logging controls the amount of details printed during 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The level of logging controls the amount of detail printed during 
```

> algorithm execution. Possible values for logger level are INFO, 
> WARNING, CRITICAL, DEBUG.  This value is INFO by default. This is an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
algorithm execution. Possible values for logger level are ``INFO``, 
``WARNING``, ``CRITICAL``, ``DEBUG``.  This value is ``INFO`` by default. This is an 
```

advanced user configuration.

> * **Maximum RAM to use** (optional): by default OTB applications use 
>   system RAM as available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Maximum RAM to use** (optional): by default, OTB applications use
  all available system RAM.
```

> You can however instruct OTB to use a specific amount of RAM (in Mb) 
> from available using this option. A value of 256 is ignored by OTB 
> processing provider. This is an advanced user configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can, however, instruct OTB to use a specific amount of RAM (in MB)
  using this option. A value of 256 is ignored by the OTB processing provider.
  This is an advanced user configuration.
```

> * **Geoid file** (optional): Path to geoid file. 
> 
> Value of this options is set for elev.dem.geoid and elev.geoid 
> parameters in OTB applications.
> Setting this value globally help users to share it across multiple 
> processing algorithms. This value is empty by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Geoid file** (optional): Path to the geoid file.

This option sets the value of the elev.dem.geoid and elev.geoid 
parameters in OTB applications.
Setting this value globally enables users to share it across multiple
processing algorithms. Empty by default.
```

> * **SRTM tiles folder** (optional): Directory where SRTM tiles are 
>   available. 
> 
> SRTM data can be stored locally to avoid connecting to downloading of 
> files during processing. Value of this options is set for elev.dem.path 
> and elev.dem parameters in OTB applications. Setting this value 
> globally help users to share it across multiple processing algorithms. 
> This value is empty by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **SRTM tiles folder** (optional): Directory where SRTM tiles are
  available. 

  SRTM data can be stored locally to avoid downloading of
  files during processing. This option sets the value of elev.dem.path
  and elev.dem parameters in OTB applications. Setting this value
  globally enables users to share it across multiple processing algorithms.
  Empty by default.
```

Compatibility between QGIS and OTB versions
...........................................

> All versions of OTB from OTB 6.6.1 to latest (currently 7.1.0) are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All versions of OTB from OTB 6.6.1 to latest (currently 7.1.0) are
```

> compatible with latest QGIS version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compatible with latest QGIS version.
```

Troubleshoot
............

> If you have any issue with OTB applications into QGIS Processing, please 
> open an issue on `OTB bug tracker <https://gitlab.orfeo-toolbox.org/orfeotoolbox/otb/-/issues>`_ 
> with qgis label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have issues with OTB applications in QGIS Processing, please open an issue
on the `OTB bug tracker <https://gitlab.orfeo-toolbox.org/orfeotoolbox/otb/-/issues>`_, 
using the ``qgis`` label.
```

location of LAStools (:guilabel:`LAStools folder`) and Wine
(:guilabel:`Wine folder`).
On Ubuntu, the default Wine folder is :file:`/usr/bin`.

.. index:: OTB
.. _otb_configure:

OTB Applications
-----------------

OTB applications are fully supported within the QGIS Processing framework. 
Note that OTB is not distributed with QGIS and needs to be installed 
separately. Binary packages for OTB can be found on the 
`download page <https://www.orfeo-toolbox.org/download>`_.

To configure QGIS processing to find the OTB library:

#. Open the processing settings: :menuselection:`Settings --> Options --> Processing` (left panel)*
#. You can see OTB under "Providers":

   #. Expand the :guilabel:`OTB` tab
   #. Tick the :guilabel:`Activate` option
   #. Set the :guilabel:`OTB folder`. This is the location of your OTB installation.
   #. Set the :guilabel:`OTB application folder`. This is the location of your OTB
      applications ( :file:`<PATH_TO_OTB_INSTALLATION>/lib/otb/applications`)
   #. Click "ok" to save the settings and close the dialog. 
   
If settings are correct, OTB algorithms will be available in the

> :guilabel:`Processing Toolbox`.

Author: I agree that the external provider configuration page is not very clear. I think that an issue must be created to refactor the content of the external provider configuration page. However this MR focus to add the information about OTB.

> Documentation of OTB settings available in QGIS Processing

Author: Yes as OTB provider is integrated into QGIS, you have the parameters into the setting panel.

advanced user configuration.

* **Maximum RAM to use** (optional): by default, OTB applications use
  all available system RAM.

  You can, however, instruct OTB to use a specific amount of RAM (in MB)
  using this option. A value of 256 is ignored by the OTB processing provider.
  This is an advanced user configuration.

* **Geoid file** (optional): Path to the geoid file.

This option sets the value of the elev.dem.geoid and elev.geoid 
parameters in OTB applications.
Setting this value globally enables users to share it across multiple
processing algorithms. Empty by default.

* **SRTM tiles folder** (optional): Directory where SRTM tiles are
  available. 

  SRTM data can be stored locally to avoid downloading of
  files during processing. This option sets the value of elev.dem.path
  and elev.dem parameters in OTB applications. Setting this value
  globally enables users to share it across multiple processing algorithms.
  Empty by default.

Compatibility between QGIS and OTB versions
...........................................

All versions of OTB from OTB 6.6.1 to latest (currently 7.1.0) are

> compatible with latest QGIS version.

Reviewer 2: Can we not mention the current version, which will get outdated in few months (I have no idea of otb release schedule but you probably get what i mean).

Author: done thanks to @havatv

> All versions of OTB from OTB 6.6.1 to latest (currently 7.1.0) are
> compatible with latest QGIS version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All OTB versions (from OTB 6.6.1) are compatible with the latest QGIS version.
```
